Let's test out my rail and let's press
the button wee here we go hello and
welcome back to learn English with
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up and today
we're starting off underground in a m
shaft I came down here to collect some
more rails and also to collect some more
more gold that I can use to build
powered rails because I want to build a
railway up at my base but I also found
some other things down here like
dripstone and dripstone blocks I
collected these to build something else
in the future I also found some iron
some diamonds I killed a slime and
collected some slime balls I'm I'm going
to look for a little bit more gold and
then I'll go back up to the surface and
I have some other things to show you up
at the surface more
dripstone I'm going to collect this drip
Stone ooh my diamond sword is almost
broken I'm going to need to build a new
diamond sword when I get back up to the
surface any gold oh there's some gold
okay more gold I'm going to use my
fortune pickaxe to collect this
gold
gold oh that's a spider die die die ooh
that spider scared me do I have any more
torches no I do not no more
torches oh diamonds I missed these
diamonds just
one just
one oh there's some
gold let's get it well I found enough
gold now but the problem
is I'm
[Music]
lost so now I need to find my staircase
back up to the
surface wow oh is that
it yeah awesome I found it all right
let's go back up to the surface hey why
is there gravel here an Enderman
probably dropped this gravel block here
all right back to my house ah it's
Sunrise the sun is coming up it's
beautiful okay the first thing that I'm
going to do is smelt this gold I'll put
it in the furnace so now that's smelting
now I'm going to build a new diamond
sword because this one's almost broken
all right two
diamonds and a stick makes a diamond
sword I'm swimming over to the
enchanting room to enchant my new
diamond sword all right here we are I
still have 67 XP from killing the ender
dragon okay I'm going to use my sword
lapis level 30
enchantment just sharpness
three
this one has sharpness four and
knockback
two disappointing
disappointed I should probably spend
more of my
XP I don't want to die with 64 XP I
think I'm going to enchant some books or
something just to spend my XP so I'm not
carrying so
much okay 16 ingots are
done so let's build some powered
rails power powered
rails um now I'm up to 21 powered rails
that's a good start and I'm going to
need some more Redstone
torches let's build like 30 Redstone
torches there we go all right so the
first thing that you're probably
wondering is what is that huge Tower
over there well that is a tall tower
made of
scaffolding scaffolding those are
scaffolding blocks and at the very
top the top there's a glass
cube I'll show you what that is let's go
over there my villager breeder look now
there's two villagers down here here we
are in the last video I showed you that
I started Ed working on a creeper Farm
here and I finished it there's a little
staircase right here and on the left and
right I placed lanterns and right here
well this is a Tower made of scaffolding
and the scaffolding is
climbable watch I'm climbing up the
scaffolding it takes a really long time
to climb all the way to the
top the sun's going down oh and here we
are the top of the tower so this is
where I would stand and leave Minecraft
running while the creeper Farm generates
gunpowder but let's go back down look at
all of the Torches I placed down there I
placed all of those torches so other
kinds of monsters like Endermen and
skeletons don't spawn because I only
want creepers to spawn here all
right do you hear the creeper
burning okay let's go to my staircase
down right here let's go down the stairs
so these chests are where all of the
gunpowder is left let's see if there's
any more gunpowder in these chests a
little bit 17 here and 25 here this
creeper Farm took me a really long time
to
build probably like 2 hours all right
back home let's go to sleep all right
it's
daytime uh-oh go
away get
back oh thank you knock back too I have
something else to show you it's right
back here taada
look I built a huge map I am
currently right there I'm that little
Green
Dot that is my farm my house is right
here there's the dock and the fishing
Hut over there is my barn so what I want
to do is build a railway that connects
this place to the enchanting room over
there and to the barn so I don't have to
swim across this River every time I
think I'll start by destroying these
fences destroying these
fences and I'll extend this platform out
this
way one more log right here there we go
okay now I need to build some
fences I have five fences 1 2 3 4 5 but
I will need more I want this place to be
kind of like a train station I got more
fences I'll place them here and
here okay so the first rail I'm going to
build is the rail that goes from here to
the enchanting room I'll destroy this
log a it fell down there and I'm going
to start building this
way using wood
maybe one
more all right now I'm going to start
building this way so it's going to
turn this way and I'll build some
support beams down there in the future
I'm going to jump down there
jump let's head over to the enchanting
room I'm destroying a bunch of this
bamboo because this bamboo is so tall
that it actually might block my Railway
over there so much bamboo so much bamboo
wow now I'm going to start on this side
and build towards where I left off over
there okay we're going to need to go a
little bit higher let's go up one and
we'll continue let's go up one and we'll
continue a oops all right and let's go
up
one and let's
continue oh no more
rain it seems like it's raining all the
time and there we go we've connected
them and I'll destroy this little area
with my axe break break break there we
go awesome and now it's time to go to
sleep because it's always always raining
I'm also going to need some
buttons so I'll build some buttons uh
maybe like five of them okay and the
rest of the gold is finished smelting so
I'll take that and let's build some more
powered rails out of it powered
rails all right I'm up to 45 powered
rails hopefully that'll be enough okay
ooh
I don't really like the way that it
looks hopefully it'll look better once
I've added the support
beams because right now it's just
floating I'll place two logs here two
logs and I will remove the bark like
that here I'll Place powered rails maybe
one 2 three four five maybe five powered
rails and I'll take my book
button and place it here now when I
press this button it should activate the
powered
rails yeah you see it lit up
red okay so I have five powered rails
now let's go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 10
normal rails and now five more powered
rails 1 2 3 4
five
hopefully that will be enough power here
I'll Place another piece of
wood and a redstone torch to power the
rails let's go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 1 2 3 4 5 redstone torch here because
it's going uphill I'm putting some
powered rails before it goes up so I'll
put powered rails here I'll put powered
rails here and here and torch all right
the railway is complete and I built the
same thing over here as I did over there
let's build a mine cart 1 2 3 4 five
iron makes a mine cart all right let's
test out my
rail let's place it get in and let's
press the button wee
here we
go it's
working okay instead of five powered
rails here I'm going to make it only
three so I'm going to remove two of
these and replace them with standard
rails same thing over here I'll remove
two and replace them with normal rails
all right awesome so I've built a
railway that connects my house to the
enchanting room room over there off
camera I'll continue building this
Railway I'll connect the enchanting room
to the barn and maybe the barn to my
house maybe I'll build another rail on
this side but that's all for this video
I'm going to end this video right here
if you liked this video you could leave
me a like or hit the Subscribe button
and if you want to help support this
channel
you could make a donation on my coffee
page I'll leave a link in the
description below thank you so much for
watching and I will see you in the next
video see
you and
taller bring forth your half on glass